Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Summer 2023. Ukraine. Kharkiv Oblast.
The front had stabilized since
the counteroffensive of 2022.
but fierce fighting
continued on the lines.
One such hotspot was an observation post
at a remote farm controlled by
a Russian unit called Black Mamba.
headed by a former Wagner commander.
One day the Ukrainian forces saw
a civilian vehicle moving
through gray zone.
As the car had stopped.
the occupiers opened fire on it
from high-caliber weapons.
A couple was inside the car.
The man received heavy shrapnel wounds
which caused severe hemorrhaging.
Upon noticing the drone.
the wife begged it for help
not realizing which side it belonged to.
The Ukrainian unit commanders.
call signs Sid and Sova.
made the decision to begin
a rescue operation aided by UAVs.
During the attempt to lead
the woman to a safe place.
an enemy fire team approached the car
and opened fire on
both Ukrainian civilians.
Despite a number of even
more complicated circumstances.
Ukrainian soldiers continued doing
everything possible to rescue this couple.
In time. this operation will
become one of the most unique in history.
The soldiers in this picture are played
by active duty Ukrainian
Special Forces and veterans.
Based on true events.
GRAY ZONE. BERESTOVE.
KHARKIV OBLAST. UKRAINE
Movement in gray zone.
a gray sedan.
Civilian or military?
Can't say yet.
Find that out.
Sova. Civilians! Check it!
You need to take a look.
Buran. this is Voda.
Gray sedan. Is it one of yours?
- Look.
- Figuring out who it is.
What the hell?
Sova to Sid. come in.
Sid to Sova. copy.
We see a civilian vehicle
moving towards the farm.
They somehow went
around all of our mine barriers.
Get a bird up. Сheck who's inside.
Bird is in the air.
I'm coming.
Other units don't know about car.
Watching them with a SHARK.
Car's got Ukrainian plates.
Could be some lost
civilians. could be saboteurs.
They're moving down
a mined road too confidently.
Looks like lost civilians.
I see a civilian vehicle.
A couple. Man and a woman.
Visually they look civilian.
Could be a cover.
We need to find out what's happening.
They're on the move
to the farm. Monitoring.
Fucking Black Mamba controls that farm.
If they're ours. we need to stop
them otherwise Russians will do.
They stopped.
I see. Sid. Continue monitoring.
Sid to Sova. they're ours.
Looks like they're lost and disoriented.
Mortar! Firing from
the farm. Here. faster!
They will be KIA if we don't get them out!
We'll get them! FPV. batteries!
Sid. we can't send anyone out right now.
We need some time.
we'll try to do something.
Copy!
...but we'll talk about that a little later
because we have important news.
About children. That's right. kids.
Today thanks to the negotiations in Qatar.
another group of children
kidnapped by the Russians
arrived to TOT.
And now international
organizations can deliver them home.
-It's wonderful news.
- Yura!
More info on the Channel 24 website.
They found her. Yulya.
Yulya's back. And for sure this time.
Who called?
The director of the orphanage
said Qatari representatives got
her back to the occupied territories.
What if it's not true?
Here.
Listen! If that
is true data. we'll check it.
If not. we'll reach the global agencies.
Okay?
Everything is fine.
Yuriy and Anna?
- Yes.
- Hello.
- Follow me. please.
- Good day.
- Hello.
- Please.
First of all. thank you
for contacting us for help.
We're always happy to...
help and support children.
Please tell me
how long it's going to take.
Usually it's pretty quick.
but there's lots of bureaucracy
and protocols we can't work around.
So it may look complicated.
Look. I have the phone number
of the people holding our daughter.
We can't act outside protocol.
Look. I have the phone number!
And I have a phone!
We could just call those people now!
You're a global organization!
We need to save our daughter.
Don't you get it?
Here. take this pamphlet.
It's an instruction
describing all our future actions.
Maybe we could go there officially.
as her parents. and get her back?
We understand everything.
And we're just as interested
in this as you are. believe me.
But there is a protocol.
Go in the house. I'll be right there.
Go. go.
NO CALLER ID
This is Yuriy. I'm the father of Yulya.
We want to get our daughter back.
How do I do that and
what do I need for that?
Hello. Yuriy.
Listen to me carefully.
It's very. very simple.
You get 20 grand.
greenbacks. and get a location
in gray zone where
you can pick up your baby.
From that point. it's your problem.
Right. And the girl's paperwork is okay.
I want to make sure my daughter is okay.
Let me talk to her.
I want to hear her voice.
Yulya. Yulya!
Dad? Daddy!
Please get me out of here.
I can't take it anymore.
Baby. it's all right. You hear me?
Look. Mom and I really love you.
We'll get you out of there. You hear me?
Do you believe me?
Yes.
NO PLACE LIKE HOME
I’m coming with you!
Anya. it's not up for discussion.
You're not going anywhere.
No. Yura. it is up for
discussion. and I'm going.
It'll be much easier
for me without you. Less risk.
What about me?
Did you think about me?
Great plan. but let's skip the heroics.
We're doing it together.
HOW TO GET INTO A GRAY ZONE?
CIVILIANS ARE BANNED
FROM ENTERING THE GRAY ZONE!
WHO HAS MANAGED TO LEAVE NO GRAY ZONE?
BOOK BY SKHID AUTOBIOGRAPHICAL MEMOIR
KYIV. PODIL. COMMUNITY M 13
Anyone there?
Good day.
- Hello.
- Who are you with?
I need Skhid.
One moment.
Hi. My name is Yuriy.
- Skhid.
- Pleased to meet you.
I've been told you could help me.
How did you find me?
You went to the book signing?
We have mutual friends.
How can I help?
Look. this is...
A mark is in a gray zone.
I need to pick up my daughter there.
But to get to that point. I need
to get there through our checkpoints.
They don't let civilians.
You really want to do that?
What would you do in my place?
There's only one rule.
If you're taking a car there.
and if they start shooting at you.
maximize your car!
If you stop.
get as far away as you can.
Because the car is a target.
Thank you. We'll be careful.
«We?»
Are you crazy?
Alone. you could pull it off.
But with her...
I see.
Thank you!
Sit down. I'll help you.
I'll show you a path that's not mined.
They use it to bring in ammo.
Get off the road here
and keep left at the intersection.
- Got it?
- Yeah. keep left.
Keep left.
If you go right.
you'll run into the enemy.
I'll make a screenshot
with the tracks. you'll take them.
If you get spotted. give up. No heroics.
That's all the advice I can give you.
Save your family. buddy.
- Thank you.
- Good luck to you.
Clean out your phones.
or better yet. change them.
And buy new SIM cards.
If they capture you.
they won't be able
to harm your loved ones.
Get a first-aid kit. Better yet. several.
so you always have access to them.
Don't give them the money
until you've seen your daughter.
FAMILY
Plan your route in a way
that gets you there by dawn.
When you get to the checkpoint
warning sign. go left.
RESTRICTED AREA.
MILITARY CHECKPOINT AHEAD.
You'll see a big billboard
that says "Mines."
Here. the road Skhid mentioned.
To the right of it. in the field.
you'll see an access road.
Come on. let's go.
MINES.RESTRICTED AREA.
Take it and you'll pass
the checkpoint through the field.
Just don't miss the fork in the field
after a small sign about mines.
If you miss it. you'll
drive to the Russians.
We've gone more than ten kilometers.
You see a sign that says "Mines?"
No.
But Skhid never said
anything about a farm.
Yura. stop here.
This isn't on the map.
We are in a wrong place.
We have to go back.
- Yura. explosion!
- It's incoming!
Yura! Yura! Drone!
We have to show them we're civilians!
Anya. stay in the car!
- Yura!
- Out of the car!
Sova. the civilian
car is under heavy fire.
We're considering our actions. Sid.
- Running to our positions.
- That's good.
They were shelled.
We need to do something.
Easy. easy. easy. easy!
They've found temporary shelter.
it's the best decision for now.
We'll come up with something.
We need to find shelter. you hear?
No. Yura. I'm not going anywhere.
- Then what?
- Let's just...
Let's just wait it out here.
And then we'll go by car.
By car? The tire is shot.
It won't go.
Sova. is your SHARK drone still up?
Sova to Sid. yes. SHARK is up.
I need to change the battery.
Get in closer. hold them.
They're afraid to move.
Copy.
Think about it.
On foot. we have no chance.
We won't make it. Be real.
Let's just wait here.
Fine. fine. fine.
Sova. I'm recalling the drone.
Sova to Sid. copy. we have
a visual from the SHARK.
Copy. I'm in a holding pattern.
What's happening?
Drone's gone. Looks like it's over.
Great.
We have to bail.
Good.
Let's go to the position.
Yura. no.
- No.
- While it's quiet.
We won't have a chance on foot.
Anya. the car might not start.
So what?
What about Yulya?
She's fucking waiting for us! So what?
If all I need to do is
risk my life. I'm ready!
Because without a car.
best case scenario.
we'll just get captured!
Sid to Sova. the bird is back.
Wait. what are they doing?
What are they doing? Can anyone explain?
Sova! Get this!
They're going back to the car.
Get me picture outside.
Easy. easy. easy. easy.
All right. get in.
Come on.
Trying to start the car.
I don't know where they're going.
but they really want to get there.
They're taking fire.
FPV. they're under attack from an FPV.
Sid. fly closer. Looks like they're alive.
Man is wounded. I repeat. Man is wounded.
Yura!
I see a mortar. We need an FPV.
Sova. the civilians are under heavy fire.
Requesting permission for an FPV mission.
Can anyone hear me? Come in!
We need some Stryzhes.
- They need to work together.
- No. Negative on the Stryzhes.
SUMMER 2022. DONETSK OBLAST
Move! Three o'clock!
- Covering!
- Go. go. go!
- I'm out!
- Covering!
Hold!
Sova. ask Sid what's going on.
Sid. Sid. to Sova: we're pinned down.
Look how many there are.
Sid to Sova. copy. flying recon.
Flying Stryzhes. Killhouse mode.
Air strike!
Drones!
- Drones!
- Get to work. boys!
I'm out!
Going in for the kill.
- Hold!
- Copy. holding!
We’ve got a KIA.
Four KIA in the dugout. 9 o'clock.
One of them is an officer.
Congratulations. All clear.
Copy.
Tell the kid to check again.
Sid. Sid. to Sova: check again.
You sure it's all clear?
I'm sure. You have my word.
Copy!
Go. go. go.
Go. go.
Grenade!
Solomon. what's your status?
Wounded!
Status! Daddy. status!
- Save your brother. okay?
- You'll do it. You'll save him.
Medic!
Fucking medic!
Shit!
Medic!
Sid! Sid! Daddy!
Daddy. Sid!
TWO YEARS LATER
BROTHER
It's not wedding filming or tricks.
An FPV is a weapon. not a toy.
Remember three things: survival.
accuracy. and advantage over the enemy.
You'll learn fast.
but you'll have to fly slowly at first.
That's the only way to learn control.
Every second of
hesitation on the front lines...
means someone's life is gone.
One moment. Thank you.
- We're going through the basics...
- Hey.
Brother. I did it.
You did what?
You're invited to
the IT forum as a speaker.
What for?
You know I'm not going to do that.
What are you doing. then?
Flying around in simulators
and eating pizza?
Brother. you're talented.
You know that. I know that.
And talented people need help.
Through my girl. I got you an opportunity
to present your idea to the investors.
They were impressed.
And now you're going
to meet them and slay them.
Slay them all.
Hold on. hold on. Wait a minute.
Hold on a minute.
Don't make any promises.
I'm not going to speak.
Project Stryzh is closed for good.
You hold on.
What do you mean?
Sid. you know how hard it was to knock
arbitrage nepo babies off the list?
Someone did you a favor.
You have to speak.
Like in the woods as kids.
I chase them. you shoot them.
It's an order. Sid. No joke.
Fine.
Here you go!
Dad. I chased him down. he's over there.
There he goes.
- He's running.
- He'll come out.
Dad?
What if I miss?
Then that hog will charge us.
Now I definitely can't.
- Dad. give it to me. I'll get him.
- Shush. Calm down.
Breathe in deep. breathe out...
and squeeze the trigger.
- Shoot.
- Come on. shoot him!
Got him. I got him. Dad!
- That's right. boy. You got him.
- I did it.
I got him!
- I did it!
- Yes.
You know why?
Because you managed to overcome your fear.
Here.
people are much braver
and stronger than they think.
They just forget about it.
You did great. son.
You did great too!
Our next speaker is a young engineer.
A soldier.
Call sign Sid.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
Once. as a kid.
I found a bird behind our house.
It couldn't take off.
I thought it might be wounded.
It was a special kind of bird
that couldn't take off.
And the special thing about these swifts
is that they can
stay in the air for a year.
never lands.
Inspired by this. I developed my own
combat reconnaissance
drone system: Stryzh.
Stryzhes are drones
that can stay in the air
without landing for two whole weeks.
The drone hits the target on approach.
But there is more!
Aided with a face recognition system.
the drone is capable of
identifying an enemy officer.
This way.
our intelligence will receive valuable
intel. and the enemy will be terminated.
I announce a 15 minute coffee break.
Hey. mister!
Got a minute?
You do know they put you in our spot?
Dude. I never asked for that.
Don't worry. I'll handle you personally.
I'm not into guys.
You could get your ass kicked
talking like that. you know that?
What are you so tense about? Relax.
Cool presentation. right. guys?
Daddy can be proud.
Oh. right. I forgot.
Your drones got him?
Careful. girls.
Gun!
He has a gun!
Hold him!
Oh. hurry up!
According to Article 129
of the Criminal Code of Ukraine.
this is punishable by a minimum
of one year of imprisonment.
But seeing the heroism of your father.
your merits and the personal
recommendation of your commander.
I'll make an exception.
The court imposes material compensation
and releases you from criminal liability
based on Article 47
of the Criminal Code of Ukraine.
And another thing. If you have
so much uncontrolled anger.
you should go back to the combat zone
and direct it at the enemy.
Listen to this advice.
Andriy Yevhenovych! Andriy Yevhenovych!
Excuse me.
Andriy Yevhenovych.
I wanted to say thank you.
Buddy. that was a one-time thing.
and it was for your dad.
I understand.
This is his combat patch.
I have no right to keep it.
And you were always an example
and a role model for him.
someone who reminded him why we fight.
He'd want you to have it.
It's all right.
This is war. and he was a hero.
I have to get back.
Me too.
I appreciate your choice.
CENTER PLUS
Maximum focus on your targets.
After each shot.
analyze your shooting position.
There has to be a single line.
Your eye. muzzle end. your target.
Hop!
Hop! Hop!
MOVE
Slow down.
Shift left.
- Finished?
- Kinda.
You did good. some mistakes here.
You grip too hard with your support hand.
If shots landed here. that means
your aimed shots went in this area.
- So I grip too hard and it...
- Too hard.
Why are you coming back?
Why?
It's obvious. To avenge my dad.
Revenge is noble. Sid.
But there are more important things.
Look. you work well.
but you're led by anger.
It won't end well.
not just for you.
but for all the others too.
How else should I act?
There's a way.
When you're squeezing the trigger.
Don't think about the target.
think about who you're shooting for.
Because war isn't hell yet.
Hell is when you come back.
And inside you. there's no light.
no respect. no you.
And what matters
most is that along the way.
you don't lose faith
and what really matters to you.
Stark. what's happening?
Hi. Well. the Termit's ready.
We hooked the turret up.
Today the boys will install
the MK19 and it's ready to roll.
So only by tonight...
- For Pete's sake. I just got that fixed.
- Sorry.
Halychyna. what you need?
Why are you following me around?
Question about vacation.
Do it tomorrow.
Okay. so we finish recon.
see if it's all okay there. then we start.
- Okay.
- Because this one...
Halychyna. get your ass
on the ground drone?
Why aren't you off on your errands?
Don't have any?
I don't get it. Tomorrow. not now?
Do I ask you tomorrow?
Tomorrow. you come up and ask. That's it.
So I’ll come tomorrow morning. right?
- Yes. tomorrow morning. See you tomorrow!
- Thanks.
Never...
Never. ever punch a fucker first.
That's bad.
But they said...
If you really have to. provoke them.
Get hit. Then get to work.
Got it? Brother.
Welcome back to the family. Sid.
Glad to be back home.
How are you all doing?
What. you want to hear all of it?
Please.
Basically. we got
some intel from an intercept.
On this here farm in the gray.
there's a possible
massing of POWs and locals.
The farm is controlled by
a group called Black Mamba.
The group is mostly ex-Wagner.
Well. we need to fly deeper in
and see if those POWs are there.
Because de facto. this is why
we can't just call in an arty strike.
Who are other units here?
Special Ops Center is near.
GUR MD unit. international legion.
Alphas. GUR. Got it.
Let me try it.
GRAY ZONE. BERESTOVE. «FARM».
TEMPORARY BASE OF THE «BLACK MAMBA»
GROUP OF THE RUSSIAN ARMY
Boss. movement.
A sedan driving down the road.
- Ours?
- Hell if I know.
Come on. faster.
There is a guy and a broad.
They look civilian. but not locals.
There can be no locals on that road.
Either arty spotters
or supply runners for the Ukies.
Will they pass?
Sure they'll pass.
With a hole in the head.
Right. boys. Take positions
and work quickly.
Leave no trace.
Dismissed.
Move! Move!
Ready.
REAL TIME
The man is wounded.
I say again. the man is wounded.
I can see that. Sid.
There's a blood puddle.
Looks like a serious wound.
Yura!
I'm hit. Anya. I think it's deep.
Hold on.
I'm begging you. save our daughter.
Shram. where are we on evac?
Madrid-30 is the closest.
but they're still at the Hog.
Sid. the wife is trying
to stop the bleeding.
Not doing a great job.
but hats off to her.
Commander. give me a fire team.
I can get them out.
Come on. what fire team? We have
an objective from our senior commander.
Negative. Sid. negative.
All the fire teams are busy.
Damn it. I can get them out. Sova!
Sid. negative.
Look at me. you hear?
I'll give her a sign and lead her out.
Copy.
Oh God. no. no. no.
It's my fault. we should
have gone to the dugout.
You were right.
All right. listen.
We'll get out of here. just hold on.
Okay?
Anya. Drone.
Run. Run.
Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
My husband! Don't shoot!
You hear me?
Useless! She doesn't get you.
Try to give her another sign.
Come on. come on...
I don't understand.
I have an idea.
Sova to Sid: okay. act!
Look after them.
Yura. Yura... It's our guys.
Damn it. I don't think
she knows how to use them.
Damn it.
Short of time. He's bleeding out.
Let's send a ground drone.
Damn it. they're too far.
It'll take too long.
Guys. we need to get them out.
Come on. come on.
Understand me. understand me.
Matyoryy. Ragnar. land the drone. Faster.
- Copy.
- Sova. give me a couple minutes.
Sid. but be fast about it.
Guy's about to pass out.
Sova. I have an idea. I know what
you're going to say. but I have to try.
FOLLOW ME
Got him. Hit the driver.
Broad's alive. yelling something.
Let her.
Boss. that's not our drone.
It's the Ukies.
Are they trying to lead her?
Okay. work faster.
Get rid of the girl. shoot the drone.
You hear me? Look at me. okay?
Yura...
Okay. that's our drone.
They'll rescue us. you hear?
FOLLOW ME
I'm not going alone!
Sid. it's no use. she won't leave him.
I'm not letting them to
kill her before our eyes.
- No. no. no. no.
- You'll go.
- Follow the drone. it'll lead you.
- No. Yura.
You can't carry me.
- Listen. I'm begging you. go.
- I'm not going without you. you hear me?
Anya. please. save our daughter.
Wait. wait. wait. What?
Sova to Sid. how copy?
Sid to Sova. loud and clear.
Enemy fire team. four strong.
left cover and
is moving towards the civilians.
You're wounded.
you need help. I'm not leaving.
No. no. Anya. go. Go.
Damn it.
They're shelled.
Go. follow it.
Commander. requesting
permission to use an FPV.
- Sova to Sid. go for it.
- Taking off.
All birds up!
That's right. good girl.
Yura!
Run! Faster!
Yura. they're coming!
She got it. leading her to us.
Don't waste the bitch.
we'll have some fun later.
Halt!
Damn it!
Get over here!
Come on. after her!
Halt!
Stop or I'll shoot!
Stop!
Beginning approach.
FPV!
Down the FPV!
Shoot it down! Waste it!
Nice one. Matyoryy! Nice one!
Got him!
Beautiful. Sid. Hit confirmed.
You're unreal. bro.
Just got back and already earned a medal.
Two years and
I still don't have an award gun.
Akhmed's KIA. The girl ran away.
Screw her. don't worry.
We'll get her.
Let's check what we got.
Now that is a windfall.
Not a word to the commander.
Bring it. We'll split it later.
The bitch got far away.
Get the DB to the pit.
We'll come back for him. we'll come back.
Now. get out. get out.
- Tortyk.
- Sir.
Contact GUR. got me?
Good.
And I'll contact the SBU unit.
They're working nearby.
I guess we need help.
Okay. You ready?
Yeah. camera's running.
8 KM FROM THE BASE OF
THE 3RD ASSAULT BRIGADE
Thank you for finding the time.
For our American viewers.
I think it bears explaining who you are
and what the International Legion is.
My name is Volodymyr.
my call sign is Vlad.
I represent the International
Defense Intelligence Legion of Ukraine.
Those who don't have
experience. why would they want this?
I mean. are the reasons ideological?
Or do they really
have a reason to be here?
Maybe they have families here? Explain.
Lots of people
support Ukraine. that's a fact.
But not all these people get on
a plane to be here and risk their lives.
Most of them just want
to be on the right side.
One second.
This is Tortik. We need you.
Geather a group and get closer in.
Details on arrival. Over.
- Brabus.
- Sir.
- Moving out in five.
- Copy.
Excuse me. but I have to cut
this interview short.
We'll come back and continue. okay?
- Agreed?
- Okay. What happened?
We have to go on a mission.
- Can we go with you?
- Where?
The mission makes for a great interview.
We’re ready to go.
It'd be a great opportunity
to show you in action to the world.
You wouldn't leave us in danger.
FOLLOW ME
Damn it. mine.
Stop. go around!
Go around! Right. right!
Come on. go around!
Come on!
Go around. I got it.
Get up!
- Where?
- Come on. let's go.
- To my parents?
- To your parents.
Come on. let's go. And get your things.
Get a move on.
Come on. chop chop.
Let's go.
You'll get dressed outside.
- Oh. hello.
- Afternoon.
What's the situation?
- Commander will brief.
- Who are those people?
United24 reporters.
They work with us officially.
Can they stay? I've no place for them.
Audrey. pleased to meet you.
- Sova.
- And that's Paul. my cameraman.
- Pleased to meet you.
- Likewise.
And welcome to the war.
Guys. please wait
over there. we have to talk.
- Okay.
- Sure.
Okay. we have a situation.
Over here! Over here! I'm here!
I'm Sid.
Matyoryy. get it down. All good?
Get over there.
Careful down here.
Dukh. give her something warm!
Okay. sit down. sit down.
- Examine her!
- Roger.
Look at me.
You wounded?
Sova to Sid. come in.
Sid. Sid. this is Sova.
We have the package.
What about the man?
They dumped him in a pit.
Copy. Send a team.
Working on it. Sid.
No wounds.
Lucky.
That there aren't.
You're quite something.
I think we're all ready.
Vlad. listen. Are you going
to get that woman? Is that your mission?
Yes.
Can we come with?
No.
Look. we're professionals.
and we've been in a lot of hot spots.
We know what to do.
I promise we won't be a burden.
We have to film it. It's a great story.
I'm on a mission. Can't babysit you.
I know and I understand.
If something happens.
it’s our responsibility!
The world has to see it.
It's a one-of-a-kind story.
Fine. Stay close and don't leave my side.
All right.
- Okay. Deal. I promise.
- You do what I say.
And please... get that thing away from me.
Audrey. faster. Come on. come on.
Hey Red. maybe you should give him a call?
Pick up the phone!
Pick up the phone. asshole!
Good job. boys. get some rest.
Can you hear me?
Dukh. Dukh. come in!
Visuals up. Zulu-8. Over.
Sid.
He has no chance.
We’ll do our best.
He’s our man. our job. We’ll get him out.
Look. I'm very sorry.
Call the bird back.
No. no. hold on.
He's alive. Yura.
- Yura.
- Sid. you hear me?
Sid. call the bird back.
Come on.
No.
Wait. he's alive.
I'm sure. Yura.
One second.
Take a look. take a look.
The hand. look at the hand.
His hand is moving.
He's alive.
So what next?
What's next? How do we get him out?
Audrey. are you sure about that?
Broadcasting these Russian
atrocities live will gain traction.
- How do I look? All good?
- Wonderful. Ready.
- Cool.
- Ready.
You're with Audrey MacAlpine.
United24 Media.
Today. you will see
some exclusive
footage of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
saving a Ukrainian family
with the aid of drones.
Our team will broadcast it live
so you can follow it in real time.
Drones are decisive in this war.
changing the approach to combat.
And today. you will witness
this special operation.
and how the soldiers use these drones
to rescue the family.
It will be exclusive
footage from the scene
that will expose Russia and its crimes
against civilians all over Ukraine
as a consequence of
the full-scale invasion.
Please tell us more about
the evacuation. how it's happening.
Colonel. there's another video
with that American journalist.
Today. you will
witness this special operation.
and how the drones are used
to rescue the family.
Holy shit.
What a twist.
I know her. Audrey...
what's it... MacAlpine. I think. Pause it.
We crossed paths
about five years ago in Africa.
She was married to a CIA guy then.
undercover as an American diplomat.
Then he was sent to
the US embassy in Moscow.
And within a year.
he recruited three mid-level officials
and someone from the top of the FSB.
We can't identify the careful mole
who's been at the top for years.
If we get this American lady.
we could pressure that ex-CIA guy of hers.
and he'll tell us the mole's name.
And we'll exchange her for someone
from among our
journalists captured by the yanks.
If they aren't together.
the plan may not work.
Nah. he likes her pics.
Love's a bitch.
And if he refuses to name the mole.
he'll get his Audrey back in pieces.
A group Black Mamba
is working in that sector.
The commander is an ex-Wagner. Zmiy.
They took this farm.
What are our actions?
- May I?
- Come in.
You asked us to find out
who those civilians in the car were.
They're husband and wife. Ukrainians.
Formerly of Donetsk Oblast.
They were heading there
to get their daughter back.
whom. according to our data.
the director of the distributing facility
and security head tried to sell to them.
And where is this girl now?
Being driven to the spot right now.
Not far from Zmiy's position.
There used to be some
sort of logistical base there.
Connect me to Zmiy.
We need to get that girl.
- Yes. sir.
- On it.
TRANSFER POINT. KHARKIV REGION
Well. we're here.
Looks like it's screwed.
What happened?
Her parents' car caught fire.
So what. are they KIA?
Dad's wounded.
they got the mom out with a drone.
Damn it. 3rd Assault has them.
We need a plan.
Let's go outside.
Yes sir. Colonel?
Yeah. We'll do it.
I'm going to need full info on the girl.
Who's got her. and where?
You'll have all the data in five minutes.
including the coordinates.
Get the girl. report to me. Got it?
- Then you'll get orders.
- Yes. sir.
We have to get him out.
It's suicide. Sid.
Look here. see?
They brought backup.
I can't allow a risk like that.
Retire! Fewer risks then?
What did you say?
You've been at HQ too long.
- Listen to me.
- No. you listen!
For once. listen to me!
Shut your mouth! That's an order!
Unlike you. brother.
I'm not only responsible for my skin.
Lives depend on me.
And I can't afford
a luxury like cheap bravado.
I know how to make it all work. Really.
- You do?
- Yes!
- You think it's that easy?
- No.
Think you'll tell them what you know.
they'll listen to you and follow you.
No. I don't.
- Think that's how it works?
- No. I'll volunteer.
I won't be alone.
Brother. at least let me talk to the boys.
The spot is around here.
All right. gentlemen.
Your attention. please.
One of our soldiers has
something to say. I want you to listen.
- Here's the situation.
- Look here. see?
There's a civilian
out there. heavily wounded.
He got dumped by the road here.
He's got 90 minutes.
I think we have to get
him out. or at least try.
Commander. you'll handle cover?
There won't be any artillery cover.
We did no extra recon.
We don't know if there's hostages.
Civilian too close to target.
They'll definitely try to get us.
Drones. ATGMs.
So the operation
is risky. to say the least.
And as you understand. we need volunteers.
Nothing new. just
another Operation Shitstorm.
We still need cover.
Any ideas what it might be?
We have a CheyTac and a 50 cal.
I'll do it.
Thanks. guys.
We have two snipers 1.5 klicks apart.
But Sid. the snipers won't be enough.
We need your system.
I don’t use the system anymore.
Oh. you don’t?! Turn it off. then!
I will. when the time comes.
You mentioned other units nearby.
- Alpha?
- Yeah.
Cooper. Cooper to Sova. come in.
Sova. Sova. this is Cooper. copy.
Join the operation. a UTN job.
Solid copy.
A nest to the right. we've used before.
Let's check it out.
Dismount.
Go. go. go.
Leader to Cooper. sky's clear.
Clear.
- Clear.
- Keep going. keep going. go.
One. with me.
Door right. Covering.
Clear.
Holding the hallway. Another one right.
Checking right. Clear.
Cooper. an Orlan in your direction.
Twenty are approaching.
Doorway left. clear. Right. also clear.
- Move up.
- Solid copy.
Controller ready.
Over here.
We fly out.
Here's the sector they gave us.
work these coordinates.
Readying payload.
Gift is ready.
Cooper. Cooper to Sova:
ready to work the coordinates.
Hold it. hold it. no. Where are you going?
- What?
- We're going with you.
You do your job. and we'll do ours.
Audrey. you don't get it.
You could die. I'm not risking that.
But we agreed to it ourselves
because we have to show this to the world.
People have to know.
We're not losing this chance.
Okey. but we only have one spot.
You decide which one of you goes.
- What do you mean. one spot?
- Roll out the vehicles. ready up.
SNIPER POSITION. 1.5 KM EAST OF THE «FARM»
Brabus. this is Smart: in position.
I see two Humvees.
Moving in our direction.
Are they suicidal?
Guests. take positions.
Only faster. I beg you. faster!
Looks like they're
getting the civilian out.
Who the fuck are you
to be worth all this risk?
Alpha. ready up! Bravo. ready up!
Something's off.
Siberia to Zmiy. come in.
- We're in position.
- Copy.
This is it.
Get to work. boys.
Attention. gentlemen.
One hundred meters. get ready!
Ramp.
Your carriage has arrived. gents.
Dismount. dismount. dismount.
Contact right. contact right.
MG. one o'clock. Cover. cover!
Go. go. go.
Visual on civilian in the ditch.
Yura. we're friendlies.
We're getting you out. you hear me?
Bravo. move out.
Audrey. get back! Audrey!
Move out! Hit the deck!
Get her in the car! Get her in the car!
Audrey. go!
- Vlad. cover. cover!
- Covering!
- Sid. what do we got?
- Critical blood loss.
- Damn it!
- Sid. moving towards you.
- We'll drive you out right now!
- I'm not going...
You're bleeding!
Do you hear me? You're bleeding!
I have to save my daughter.
Damn it!
I'm not going anywhere.
Look at me! Can you look at me?
I'll save her. your daughter.
I give you my word!
Damn it. what's taking so long?
Guys. what the hell! It's time!
Keep working. a bit more. cover!
- Copy.
- Best goddamn job in the world.
What matters right now is getting you out.
You have to live.
Get me the stretcher. now!
This is going to hurt. Brace for it.
- Great. now the other side.
- Come on.
Get him. one-two. strap him in.
Hit them with the drones.
Bulldozer. FPV coming
towards you. Take down the FPV.
SBU at work. boys. Fury Group on call.
Two small for the next.
Strapping in.
- Ready?
- Ready.
One. two. three. hop.
Alpha. cover!
Damn it. shut that MG up!
Come on. come on!
Guys. get a move on!
Go. go. go. come on!
Hit confirmed. 2-0 in our favor.
Get out of there.
- Ready. putting him in.
- Get him in.
- Come on.
- Go. go. go.
Shut that MG up already!
MG down.
- You couldn't do it sooner?
- Wasn't in the mood.
Cherepakha. Bulldozer. move out!
Your daughter. where is she?
They're taking her to the spot.
Where?
- Are you asking him about his daughter?
- Yeah. finding out what happened.
Coordinates. In my phone.
But I left my phone there.
Halychyna. turn back! Come on!
No. no! What are you talking about?
We have to get that damn phone!
Here! You need a phone? Take mine!
Unlimited data! And charged up!
Halychyna. you want your leave or not!
Son of a bitch!
Turning around! Turning around!
Why the hell are we turning back?
I don't like it either.
So what. we're really going back?
Welcome to Ukraine.
What the hell?
We can't take the same road.
We're out of luck.
I'll do it.
FPV! Sid! Sid! FPV!
Why are you doing this?
Why are you saving me?
And my family?
There are three things
you can't take back.
Time. opportunity. and your word.
My dad used to say that.
And I gave you my word.
We'll get you and your daughter out.
So hold on there.
Don't die.
Two in the morning.
WHITE HOUSE SITUATION ROOM
I hope the CIA aren't joking.
Mr. Vice President.
Okay. who's going to explain
what happened?
Sir. this is an emergency.
Audrey MacAlpine.
a journalist currently in Ukraine.
is taking part in a rescue operation.
Audrey what?
Why do I need this?
She used to be married
to one of our diplomats.
They met during a mission in Africa.
then he was sent to Moscow.
and there he managed to
recruit several important officials
and several agents of the FSB.
One of them is still
at the top of the FSB.
And he provides intel frequently.
We have direct access
to strategic information
regarding Ukraine. NATO
and the European power network.
If he gets blown.
we lose our only source
at the top of the FSB.
Okay. this much is clear.
Now explain what this contact
has to do with the journalist.
The Russians will try to kidnap
her to pressure the diplomat.
Yes. and then they'll
get our source's name
from the diplomat and he'll be blown.
And they'll use this information
in their propaganda.
Present it to the world as American
spies getting sent to Moscow.
Naturally. this will lead to an escalation
and damage support for Ukraine.
They're already planning to exchange
Audrey for their journalist
whom we arrested for espionage.
In the circumstances that have
arisen in the current crisis.
this means direct US-Russia conflict.
Damn it.
Who's in charge of the operation?
3rd Assault Brigade.
and SBU and GUR special forces.
I see.
You have the green light.
Get the journalist out of there ASAP.
POINT OF PERMANENT DISLOCATION OF
THE 3RD ASSAULT BRIGADE
- Yura!
- Grab him!
Careful.
- Turn around.
- Anna.
Anna. hey. hey. Get back.
Look at me. We need to examine him.
- Open up!
- He'll get help! It's all under control!
But wait. what about our daughter?
How do we rescue her?
We're already working on it.
We're going to contact them.
I have your husband's phone.
Damn it. it's dead.
Someone charge this! Thanks. buddy.
- It’ll all work out. you hear?
- Okay. Yeah.
How do we stay in contact?
- Do you have your phone on you?
- Yeah.
- Give it to me. I'll put my number in.
- Thank you.
Here you go. Okay. go over there.
Fifteen minutes. we'll call you.
It's going to be okay.
Medics will call you in 15 minutes.
Hide the transport.
Can I sit here?
Sure.
What is this?
My daughter's drawing.
It's our family
at different stages in our lives.
She never finished it.
Because that day... they took her from us.
I'll try to help you somehow.
FAMILY
I hate the internet sometimes.
Hey. have you seen my tablet?
Hey. Audrey!
Who do you think you are?
Do you realize what you've done
with your camera?
Look. I'm a journalist. and if
you didn't know. my job is to film.
Hold on a sec.
Sova. are you okay?
There's a real shitstorm
going on upstairs.
- I don't understand.
- What don't you understand?
This journalist Audrey did a stream
that made it to all international media.
And now we and that girl have
the world's utmost attention.
So congratulations. brother.
you're a rock star now.
And every ruskie knows your face.
Just the way you like it.
There's just one detail.
Now they'll either send the girl back.
or kill her.
On the other hand.
if international media ran this story.
- she has a better chance at staying alive?
- I don't know.
It's the ruskies. nothing is certain.
Sova. we have to get her back.
We need to plan an op. We need more intel:
who's got her. how many.
what weapons they have.
What do you think I'm doing right now?
Sova. the command is calling.
Coming!
- Are you kidding?
- No. Let's just pause it.
Hey. Audrey. Take this.
It's a patch about...
about how a camera is a weapon too.
- Thanks.
- You're very brave.
- You too.
- Cool. buddy. Thanks.
Boys. don't take too much gear off yet.
Fuck me.
- Hello. General.
- Report in.
The girl is under control.
Ready to begin phase two of the operation.
Okay.
But wait for me. I'll be there by morning.
I recommend haste.
we need to act in the morning.
There's too much attention from all sides
on this journalist and the operation.
I'm afraid the CIA could exfil her
before we get to her.
Fucking spooks.
You have a point.
What do you suggest?
I think we need to make
some noise in Central Kyiv
to distract the people and the media.
Okay. I'll figure something out.
I have someone there.
I gave my word to her father
that we'll get her out.
It's our responsibility. our job!
Our father died because of me.
I know that. so do you.
But today it seems we have a chance
not to avenge the dead
but to save the living.
Sova. goddamn it. we're different
from them. aren't we?
You do understand they have an advantage?
An advantage in manpower.
we need to regroup at the very least.
I lost my father too. remember?
And instead of blaming myself for it.
I realized that he died because of
insufficiently conducted recon.
- We went too fast then.
- He died because of...
You always go too fast. just like now.
What the hell.
Hello.
Is this officer Sova?
Yes. Sova speaking. Who's asking?
Black Mamba's asking.
officer Zmiy. Heard of me?
- What now?
- Nothing.
Good work.
You got the woman out.
then even saved the guy.
I'm not happy. of course.
But you might even get an award gun.
Fuck do you care?
Pretty story for the news.
but see. here's the thing.
We still have the girl.
And I can whack her.
You can see the pics on the phone.
Some hustlers were taking her
to sell her to her parents.
But as soon as they realized
there's no money.
they panicked she'd rat them out.
and decided to waste her.
But they didn't make it.
My men intercepted her.
and now we have her.
And I'd really like to see you
and your little brother's faces
when I shoot her on live TV.
Agreed.
The story won't be as pretty then.
- But I have a proposition.
- Go ahead.
A trade.
The girl for the journalist.
I guarantee she'll stay alive.
Right. you have an hour to think it over.
I’ll call you back.
What do they want with the journalist?
CORTEGE OF THE AMBASSADOR OF
THE USA. KYIV
I see him. getting out.
Moving.
Have you seen this?
Yeah. it's everywhere now.
This situation is becoming a serious
threat to US national security.
and we'll be needing your help.
So you need urgent exfil.
Yes. We have a team here.
but we'll need operational support.
And definitely local intel.
I'll get it.
Thank you very much.
Happy to help. Mrs. Ambassador.
SIVERSKODONETSK. UKRAINE (TOT)
The general is coming here. I'll try to
find out the details of the operation.
I know they're trying to kidnap some
American journalist and take her here.
They're preparing something major
if he's coming here in person.
I'll contact the operations center today.
See you tonight. just in case.
You know the address.
JOINT OPERATIONS CENTER
«VELYKA ZEMLYA». KYIV
We have a signal from the FSB
operations room in Siverskodonetsk.
They're preparing an operation
to kidnap an American journalist.
But the CIA is oddly concerned.
so they're asking
to make her safety a priority.
I already know.
had a meeting with the ambassador.
- Our SBU colleagues are here.
- I see.
Well. is everyone here? Afternoon.
Good afternoon. Please take your seats.
Well. we have to find out
whether the arrival of
the Russian general in Siverskodonetsk
is connected to the American journalist.
We're already on it.
Even if the agents
visually confirm the target.
we won't have time to collect
all the necessary intel.
So I propose we get to work immediately.
We take down the FSB operations room.
cut the journalist off from them.
The CIA will be happy. and we'll terminate
a big target: General Ushakov.
We've turned over all of our intel to you.
and we're prepared
to take on the IAD work.
Attention. gentlemen.
Meet the boys from COS A.
They'll work with us on this operation.
- Hello.
- Good afternoon.
In short. the ruskies
are offering us a trade.
To trade the girl
for our wonderful Audrey.
If we don't agree. the girl gets killed.
Guests on site.
Hold on. Explain why they want me.
I wish I knew.
Yeah. I'd like to know that too.
Boys.
Good afternoon.
- Hello.
- Hey. boys.
Audrey. we're here to exfiltrate you.
Get your things. we're going to Kyiv.
I'm not going anywhere.
I need to find out what's going on.
- Do you know why they want you?
- I have no clue.
They'll probably try to exchange me
for a Russian journalist
in jail for espionage.
They might exchange you later.
But first. they'll torture you.
What could I possibly tell them?
Do you know this man?
They know him too.
And they know who you are to him.
So you're coming with us.
Overwatch. this is Shadow-6.
We have the package.
Russian Special Forces are threatening
to kill the Ukrainian girl if--
KYIV CITY CENTER. SKYLINE HOTEL
Hello. I'm listening.
You have the green light. Get to work.
I don't have to explain what happens
if you fuck it up. do I?
I'll take care of it.
The US refused the swap
and is evacuating the journalist.
Washington denies any involvement.
The US Ambassador will give
an official statement shortly...
The psyop is making waves.
Now the US is in this conflict.
Yes. they've created conditions where
the United States are forced to respond.
Unusual tactics for the Russians.
Usually they're very blunt.
but this is almost a gambit.
15 KM FROM THE POINT OF PERMANENT
DISLOCATION OF THE 3RD ASSAULT BRIGADE
Sir. can we stop? I'm not feeling well.
Audrey. no. we can't. We can't stop.
Two seconds. I'm really not feeling well.
Audrey. no. We're not stopping.
Please. sir. just two seconds.
Please. I really need this. Please.
Hey. pull over. Let her get some air.
Audrey. hey! Audrey!
Stop! This is a minefield.
What's going on?
Look. I know this is your job.
Getting me out of here.
But we're American.
And this is our chance to show
the world who we are.
And that we fight for what matters.
That girl. We can save her.
We need to make a decision.
Do we go back and save a child.
or do we run away and cover our asses?
I've worked all over the world
and I've never seen soldiers
so brave and so professional.
And you know this.
I can save her.
Let me do it.
CONSPIRACY APARTMENT OF GUR AGENT
Why can't Center just
hit them with a missile?
There's a school
and a kindergarten.
So it's up to agents on the ground.
Ideally. we should have
planted it earlier.
but since this is urgent...
We have to act quickly and very carefully.
I'd like to ask you for a favor.
If something happens to me.
get this to Center.
Nothing's going to happen.
If something happens to me.
get this to Center.
No.
I'm not getting anything to anyone.
You'll be okay.
We're trained for this.
Well. what did you decide?
Let's trade. we're ready.
Great then.
What will happen to the journalist?
What do you think?
She's going to Moscow;
someone can't wait to see her.
We need guarantees
you're not going to kill her.
Officer's honor.
Screw you and your honor.
Nobody believes in it.
Look. if we wanted to kill her.
we'd have called in the arty already.
Where will the exchange take place?
I'll send you the coordinates.
No more than 8 soldiers. Got me?
I hear you.
We have a plan.
It's Daryna and Detroit's
first assignment.
but I'm sure they're ready
and they can handle it.
Thank you.
Your attention. please.
We just received preliminary intel
about a potential terrorist attack
in Central Kyiv.
That's more like their usual methods.
This is what I call
the hidden beauty of war.
Look. brother. I'm sorry
if I can be hard on you sometimes. but...
you mean a lot to me.
Thanks.
You too. brother.
Basically. I'll do it all myself tomorrow.
Did you decide for me again?
Why won't you get it. eh?
No. no. listen. Listen to me.
I'm the one that gave my word.
I got Anna out. I got Yuriy out.
I have to do this.
I started this. and I will finish it.
You're not taking part
in tomorrow's operation.
That's not up for discussion.
Yes I am!
Stop treating me like some fucking brat.
Will you ever see me as your equal?
Always fussing. worrying about me.
but for some reason.
it's me getting the awards. not you.
Yeah. have you thought about why?
Because you live like in a horse blinder.
Can't do this. that's not regulation.
that'll get us punished.
Just say fuck it!
You're serving a system
that's devouring you.
All I'm worried about is your safety.
Dad's not around. and I'm
the only fucking one you got!
Thank you. thank you. brother.
But that's helicopter parenting.
And all this control
and oversight only hurts me.
I'll handle it myself. got it?
Just like back in the woods
with the hog. I'll handle it!
That shot wasn't yours.
What did you just say?
Dad took that shot.
You closed your eyes
and shot to the side somewhere.
Dad asked me not to tell you
so I don't damage your self-esteem.
and I kept quiet.
I kept quiet for so fucking long.
But sooner or later you
had to find out about it.
and I think now is the best time.
I worry for you because I love you.
And I'm afraid that tomorrow.
you're going to turn on your
Intrepid Mode and I'll lose you.
Got it?
I got it.
Damn it!
Fuck!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Briefly on the situation.
Their commander sent us the coordinates.
Here they are.
They have an advantage
in the landscape here.
and they'll definitely be prepared.
Boys from CSO will
make sure everything's fine.
Shapovalov's 10th squad
will comb the forest.
Only our armored transport
can provide cover.
Now. the goal of the operation.
The goal is simple: take the girl.
don't let them have the journalist.
If things really heat up.
the code word is "Audi. Audi. Audi." Next.
Two teams - Alpha and Bravo -
move out to the exchange spot.
We may not have enough sniper groups.
Why don't we use Sid's system?
It's the only way to take
them all out at once.
We can't use Sid's system.
Don't ask why. we just can't.
I think we can.
We have twelve drones now.
Now. that's good.
I'll even say. fuckin A.
All right. then here's the plan.
The negotiations and the trade itself
will be handled by me. and Sid.
Audrey. where's Audrey?
Audrey. you do exactly
what we tell you to. no more. Got it?
Sid'll tell you about the Stryzh system.
how it works
and how we're going to use it.
Audrey will approach the lifeline
and I'll launch the Stryzhes.
Time to target: 30 - 40 seconds.
Everyone next to the journalist and
the girl will be terminated immediately.
Then we have cover on targets provided.
What about ECMs? They'll employ ECM.
They'll definitely employ ECM.
So let's get to the good part.
My drones are invisible until they strike.
They work through a satellite
and line up their targets from
outside the effective range of ECM.
So I wait for the signal.
launch them. Thirty to 40 seconds.
approach. and...
Bang! Bang! Bang!
I know where the attack
is supposed to happen.
Right during the ambassador's
press conference.
There's a lot of press there. cameras.
and this image is what the news will run.
But the ambassador cannot be the target.
The ambassador isn't the target.
They need an explosion in the crowd.
And then they'll feed some bullshit
about nationalists
to some Telegram channels.
and while everyone's busy figuring it out...
It'll take the spotlight
off the journalist
Whom they want to get at any cost.
COMBAT GROUP RECORD CHECKPOINT.
10 CENTER NAMED
AFTER M. SHAPOVAL GUR MOU
- Weapons?
- Check.
- Night thermals?
Attach.
- Grub?
- Check.
- Lapa?
- Packing.
Synchronize watches. set to zero.
Sova. Sova. this is Spartan 1.
we're in position. come in.
8 KM TO THE EXCHANGE POINT
Gentlemen. welcome aboard our airline.
We're going to experience
a little turbulence.
I remind you to unfasten
your seat belts before dismounting
because a big adventure is beginning.
Sova. what about our payroll?
Payroll after we rock and roll. friends.
Hello.
You boys seem to be going the wrong way.
What do you mean. the wrong way?
We're going where we agreed.
What. did you think
I gave you time to prepare an ambush?
The exchange will be elsewhere.
Everybody stop! Tactical stop!
Give me the coordinates.
Your brother knows them.
Listen here. Zmiy. this won't do.
We're not going to a spot you control.
It's gray zone. You know
how many exchanges happened here.
You have an hour to get here.
In an hour. I'm killing the child.
I'm a professional and I get things done.
- The op is canceled.
- Meaning?!
The exchange is fucking canceled.
Brother. what are you doing?
They want to do the trade at the farm.
So what?
We'll do it. you hear?
At the farm. in the field. wherever.
That's exactly why I don't want
to do the exchange there.
Because it's too risky. and you know that.
I have a bad feeling.
WASHINGTON DC. USA
What the hell?
Why wasn't she extracted earlier!
We studied together and I know her.
She's very stubborn and
if she sets her mind on something.
you can't stop her.
If this exchange goes ass up.
and it looks like it will.
Audrey will end up in the Russians' hands.
and getting her back will be
almost impossible.
Agreed.
That's not all. because FSB
has involved a high-ranking general
to personally oversee this operation.
The stakes have risen.
They're playing chess.
Moving their queen. What are we doing?
You see a security risk.
and I see a political opportunity.
Imagine. an American journalist
helps rescue a Ukrainian girl
kidnapped by Russia.
That's what every headline
in the democratic world will say.
It'll strengthen the partnership
between Ukraine and the US.
and will show that our country
is fighting side by side with Ukraine.
And what happens when
your political opportunity
ends up tied up in some
basement in Moscow?
When they parade her
on Russian state television
as evidence that the US are conducting
sloppy black ops in Russia?
Do you think they'll applaud us then?
Look. I understand the stakes.
But you need to trust
our professionals on the ground.
3rd Assault together
with their intelligence partners
have planned everything out
and keep their ear to the ground.
But think about the fact that Audrey
isn't just a journalist
with a camera anymore.
she's a symbol now.
You're talking about perception.
But perception without control
is like aiming a loaded
gun at your own head.
That's right.
Doing nothing means letting Russia
shape the narrative instead of us.
FSB CONSPIRACY APARTMENT. SEVERODONETSK
Post to 3. come in.
What's up with your lights?
Well. that's it then. right?
We're not saving the girl. Right?
Well. we have a plan B. We go with plan B!
All crews. Sova speaking.
Guys. ten. abort your mission.
Sova. what did we do wrong?
We're going with plan B.
The enemy has changed the coordinates.
Who could have thought?
Audrey. take an earpiece.
- What's it for?
- It's so you hear everything I say.
Audrey. once again:
as soon as you hear the drones.
you hit the ground and stay down.
- Got it?
- Got it!
It'll be okay. You're doing great.
We're going with plan B.
Only I and the journalist
come out. no ground team.
Thank you for helping.
1 KM FROM "FARM". EXCHANGE POINT
The exchange is
taking a place. They agreed.
You can see a live broadcast
from our Orlan on the screen.
Wait. Dasha.
How long have you worked here?
Four months.
Is that Ethiopian?
Yeah. I think it is.
I only drink Kenyan after Chad.
I'm sorry. I'll change it.
Don't be so nervous.
Who recommended you?
My own aunt.
Can I have your phone?
Unlock it.
All good.
Sorry. but you know how it is... these days.
Sid. status on the Stryzhes.
In combat mode. I have picture.
Everyone activate your beacons.
Remember the plan.
- Okay.
- Go.
Everybody get ready.
Now. Sid!
Girl. get down! Get down!
Don't hit the journalist!
In the car. I said.
Come on. get in the car.
Go. go. go!
Sova. cover!
I'm covering already.
Cover!
I'm covering. Sid!
Easy. Easy.
Come on. get in. get in. come on.
Left Humvee. hostage.
Go. go. go.
Fuck. Fuck.
Sid. brother. why'd you zone
out with your drones?
It's him.
And he's alive.
I see.
That's why I had a bad feeling about this.
NEAR THE FSB CONSPIRACY
APARTMENT. SEVERODONETSK
As soon as Daryna confirms the target.
Detroit will push the button.
This explosive is on a timer
as an agent needs
to have a chance to escape.
General. sir. let's go to the shelter.
- Is there internet out there?
- Yes sir.
They're coming out.
Mission failed.
Who are you waiting for?
What the hell?
What are you doing?
Open the door!
Open the fucking door. I said!
Kill the engine. Show your ID!
Push it!
Don't shoot.
You'll answer for Crimea yet.
Detonation confirmed.
Detroit did an excellent job.
Hold on. hold on. hold on.
Sadly. we may have lost an agent.
The Center is destroyed.
the top is all KIA.
But the agents are already in motion.
Don't stop them. handle them.
We need the whole network.
KYIV. BUSINESS CITY CENTER
PARCEL SENT
Is the car clean?
Yeah.
If the main plan doesn't work.
we do it ourselves. Got it?
Got it.
There he is.
Hold this.
Sova!
Come here.
- Be right back.
- What the hell?
Where's the American?
How'd you lose her like that?
They're riding my butt about it.
The Americans want her at any cost.
but now it's goddamn impossible.
Doc. explain it to him.
Half of our men aren't combat ready.
there's no arty in the sector
to support you.
Nobody did any recon.
and intelligence reports
reserves being pulled in.
Well. then we can't wait.
There's not a lot of us. but we can do it.
We're not doing it.
We're waiting for reinforcements.
That's two days at least.
we have to act now.
You'll get our boys killed.
It's a big risk.
Sova. I'm forbidding it.
I'm prepared to risk it.
Look. how are we going
to change our military
if we're afraid to take responsibility?
Sova. we're the ones who decide
what you can or can't do.
I wouldn't find out –
you won't like the consequences.
This American risked her life
for a Ukrainian girl.
We owe her. simple as that.
Easy. easy. Let me
explain this to you. Sova.
I'm responsible for everything here.
You'd screw us all.
Do you understand what discipline means?
Kirt. I understand what discipline is.
I've been living
this discipline all my life.
And what did I become?
A lifer. But I'm not a lifer.
My goal right now is to save the girl
and destroy as many enemies as I can.
- You done?
- Yes sir.
Sova...
Good luck.
There will be consequences.
Then we'll push some Earth.
Attention. we got an intercept.
Our cyber guys sent the location
where the IAD handoff will take place.
Well. gentlemen.
it's going to be a long day. let's go.
Monitoring target.
BLUE CHEVROLET. EB1534MO
Visual on the courier taxi.
Monitoring. The taxi is stopping.
I see him.
Visual on the suspect.
Target moving to the crossing.
Following.
Copy.
1000. 1000. 1000!
Hands!
This is SBU. get on the ground!
Get ahead of him.
Walking towards the Parus building.
Take it slow. Take it slow. boys.
I see his associate. Let him go.
Visual on the handoff.
Give me the data from these cameras.
Track him. After him.
Get to work. get to work.
Alpha. 1000!
Get on the ground!
SBU. show me your hands!
Hands behind your back!
Get ahead of him.
VENUE OF THE PRESS CONFERENCE
OF THE US AMBASSADOR. KYIV
He's moving towards the journalists.
The ambassador is here.
but isn't
coming out to the journalists yet.
We have to take him.
Give it 30 seconds. we're looking
for associates. there have to be some.
We can't wait. Alpha-1. take him.
Everybody get on the ground. SBU!
You. on your knees!
Hands behind your head!
On the ground!
- Everybody get back!
- Get back. get back!
- Move it. get back!
- Get back. now!
It appears we just witnessed
an SBU special operation.
We'll try to find out more details...
Please leave the area. Move it.
Get back to a safe distance.
Alpha-1. we're out. Alpha-2. you're alone.
Good luck.
Get back!
This area is mined. get back. Now!
Three o'clock. gray-haired man in black
left a backpack by a trash can.
It could be the IAD.
Alpha-2. 1000.
Stop!
Everybody get back!
Get back!
Please let me go!
I'll blow her head off!
Draw the fire away!
Draw the fire away from the civilians!
Let's go!
- Don't shoot!
- Get back!
What the hell?
Stay down!
Control! Perimeter!
You all right?
Look. a suspicious Skoda.
Gray Skoda. 7770. two more targets.
We gotta bail.
Skoda on the move.
Tracking the Skoda. Split your teams.
Block the road!
Center. give me a safe route.
Tail them. tail them. Push him to Podil.
Attention!
Your orders are to take them alive.
Take them alive!
Targeting tires and engine.
Negative. negative! Targeting the engine!
Cease fire!
I'll try to pass him on the left.
shoot their tires.
Stop! Abort. abort! Civilians!
Continuing pursuit.
CRIMEA IS OURS!
Push him. push him!
Good job!
They're heading to the suburban road.
there's no traffic there.
Left! Push him. push him!
Attention! Traffic accident ahead!
Possible blocked road!
Push right!
Traffic accident ahead!
Right. guys. right!
Object under control.
Administering medical aid.
Madam Ambassador. information has arrived
that the archive and the agent network
are destroyed. no one was hurt.
We just got a message
that the network has been terminated.
Good.
General. we need to take that farm.
even if by force.
The operation is ongoing.
but the CIA is coordinating it.
Coordinate every stage
with the Ukrainian intelligence.
And most importantly.
you all have to remember:
Americans have absolutely
nothing to do with this.
We don't know
when history will call on us...
But we decide how to answer.
Gentlemen. our operation
will be codenamed Spearhead.
Sid will tell you the details.
The main objective of the 3rd
and HUR's Legion is to draw fire
to let two other teams
enter from the flank and the rear.
Once HUR 10 arrives by helicopter.
these guys will have to switch
their targets to avoid friendly fire.
Meanwhile. the Alphas
and us bust in through the minefield
in two buggies from the green side.
And I will denazify
all enemy FPVs with the Stryzhes.
Through the minefield?
Mines heat up in the day
and show on thermal at night.
We checked the gaps between
the mines - there's enough to pass.
Yes. it's very important
that we strike from three sides at once.
Our intelligence reports
there are approximately
one and a half squads at the farm.
The hostage is in one
of the buildings of the farm itself.
Lots of buildings.
Once we've cleared out
the farm and found the hostage.
the rear team in an APC
conducts our exfiltration.
All clear?
- Yes sir.
This is obviously an Operation Shafted.
I just got back from one.
Boys.
no one here thinks they're heroes.
But we are definitely professionals.
Let's just do our job.
and do it like we can.
Do it clean. quiet. nice.
No showing off.
And remember.
each one of you supports the others.
There is no you or me right now.
There's only us.
We're a collective fucking whole.
and we have one goal!
NORTH DIRECTION FROM THE FARM
Well. we'll try to pass
in between the mines.
As long as we don't get
our balls blown off.
Viking. what do you need them for?
Your wife's already in a maternity ward.
Nest to armor groups. status.
What do you think. Nest? We're going.
Good luck. boys.
Ammo. check. health. check.
I see armor. lots of armor. Get ready.
Faster. faster. ready the RPG.
Go. go. go! Get to positions!
- Move!
- Go. go. go!
"FARM". EAST WING.
INTERNATIONAL LEGION GROUP GUR MO
Move. move.
Clear. clear.
MG on the flank.
Armor. here!
Hold the rear!
Don't let them surround you!
Contact.
Hold your position!
I'm dry!
I'm wounded!
Nest. this is Student.
The party has started. how copy. over?
HUR 10 are about to land.
Locked. loaded and ready to party.
At least you can hide here.
unlike Zmiyiny.
Good job. keep going.
20... 10...
Five.
Right. take a sharp right!
You got it. you got it. you passed it.
30. 20. 10... 5!
Left. left!
Go straight. straight.
Ten... Five. Left. left! Left!
Right. take a sharp right!
Direct. direct!
Good. Great job. guys.
Phase three over.
Watch your heads. boys. Good luck.
Enemy ATGM destroyed.
"FARM". REAR WING
"FARM". EAST GATE
Ten o'clock.
Down.
I see an enemy on the approach.
Set up an ambush east.
"FARM". NORTH. RIGHT GATE (RG)
Armor. hold the crossroads in the rear.
Visual on target.
What the...?
We're past Right Gate 1.
- "FARM".
- WEST. LEFT GATE (LG)
All teams are in contact.
not expecting us.
Look alive.
- Passed Left Gate 1.
- Copy.
Contact.
Where's our support?
Almost all my boys are KIA.
I need support!
Nitro to Zmiy. we can't approach.
Roll out of there. we'll call arty.
Copy.
Breach.
I'm wounded.
We have light wounded. left arm.
Passed Left Gate 2.
Contact.
Holding the hallway.
I'm empty.
Reloading.
Ready.
Target down.
Right Gate under control.
Weather's good.
You think they'll give us the green light?
No.
Is there fuel in the helicopter?
Damn it.
That's what I thought.
Bullshit.
Move up.
Reloading.
Wounded.
Local is wounded.
- I need cover.
- Damn it.
Covering.
Hold on.
Hostage is in the green room four.
Copy. Breach.
Sova. Sova. green room one under control.
Green room two. tango.
Move up.
He's down.
Contact.
MG. MG. MG!
Prep the Hrim.
Go. go.
Hrim!
MG down.
Easy. easy. easy.
Quiet. Quiet.
Door.
Clear.
Green four under control.
Viking. Viking. this is Bravo-1.
Red sector under control.
Stop.
Hostage is here.
Contact.
Cease fire.
boys. cease fire.
Let the journalist go. drop your weapon.
and you'll live. I promise.
I don't know how to give up.
I'm a professional
and I work until the end.
Sova. how about this.
I let the girl go. and you let me go.
Nothing personal.
Are you stupid. ruskie?
You came to my land. you killed my father.
It's pretty personal for me.
You want to go like a warrior?
Let the journalist go
and let's handle it one on one.
Maybe we'll go together.
Something to talk about
on the fucking way down.
Hey. nice.
Contact.
Damn it. Sova.
what are you playing with him for?
Sova. you really got him talking.
- We even believed you.
- Yeah.
Audrey. let's go.
Clear. Exit.
This works too.
Sova to Nest: we have Spearhead.
we have Spearhead.
It's all right. you're safe.
Student to Sova: perimeter is clear.
taking defensive positions.
- Copy.
- Get inside and wait for us.
- Got it?
- Yes.
- Okay?
- Thank you.
What's the situation. Viking?
Congrats on reinforcements?
Nothing. no internet.
- Starlink's not going through.
- I see.
You know. while we were planning
the operation. when we were in combat.
I wasn't thinking about it at all.
And now...
What if... Everything went wrong?
But it didn't. Because
someone's really good at his job.
- Thank you. brother.
- Thank you too.
Look. I still can't understand.
I waited for it for so long.
I woke up every day
and thought all that mattered was revenge.
But what we've done in these two days...
What you've done.
That's a lot more important than revenge.
I used to only believe in myself.
In myself and my tech.
- But now I believe in people.
- And I believe in chaos.
And that we're the ones
who tame that chaos.
That's our job. All right. let's go.
Nitro to Zmiy. hit the column.
ETA 40.
- Damn it! I'm wounded.
- Dismount. Dismount.
Come on.
We have wounded.
- Boys. status.
- I'm wounded.
Sova?
Sid!
Where are you?
Brother!
Sid. status!
Sova?
- Sid!
- We have wounded.
- Sova. are you here?
- Here!
- Status?
- I'm fine.
- Hirya. hold the front.
- Hold on. hold on.
- We're going. cover. cover.
- Get him. boys.
And remember.
each one of you supports the others.
There is no you or me right now.
There's only us.
We're a collective fucking whole.
and we have one goal.
Guys. we have a minute to get out
of here while counter battery’s on.
- Washington give you the green light?
- We're colorblind.
The Order for Courage.
Third Class to be
awarded to friend Student.
- Here.
- To the commander.
Yes. sir.
- Glory to Ukraine.
- Glory to the heroes.
The honor is mine.
Glory to Ukraine.
Glory to the heroes.
The Badge of Honor is to be awarded
to Maksym Yanovych Kholodnyy.
Director. Lieutenant Colonel Kholodnyy.
Thank you for your service.
I serve the Ukrainian people.
The Award of Resolve. First Degree.
is to be awarded to Junior Sergeant
Murray George Seabrook.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
The Order for Courage. Second Class.
to be awarded to friend Sid.
- Here.
- To the commander.
Yes sir.
- Glory to Ukraine.
- Glory to the heroes.
Congratulations. friend Sid.
The honor is mine.
I serve the Ukrainian nation.
One more thing.
A reward weapon from
the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine
is to be awarded to friend Sova.
- Here.
- To the commander.
Yes sir.
- Glory to Ukraine.
- Glory to the heroes.
Friend Sova. congratulations.
You've earned it.
The honor is mine.
I serve the Ukrainian nation.
God is with us. Truth is with us.
My brothers in arms. onward to victory.
I'm proud of having you for a brother.
I'm proud of having you for a commander.
Friend Sid.
I think this is yours.
I think you've earned it.
Thank you.
Not a single soldier
was lost in this operation.
The CIA managed to keep their secret agent
at the top of the Russian government.
The courageous Audrey
was safely delivered home.
She still works in hot spots.
Viking did become a father that day.
Sova got a grip of himself
and proposed to his girlfriend.
Yulya was finally returned to her family.
And Daryna and Detroit
continued their clandestine work
on the occupied territories.
The world has changed.
And we've changed with it.
All of our pain... It didn't go anywhere.
it just became our strength.
It made us who we are.
A nation of strong and brave people.
Because unity is our strength.
And there is no more you or me.
There is only us.
DEDICATED TO THE MEMORY OF
ALL FALLEN DEFENDERS
WE WILL AVENGE
Hey. there's also the sound
of the Carpathian eagle.
Nah. keep the sea on for a bit longer.
Go. go. go.
Come on. let's go.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm